How many children are in the crowd ?
Tell me the number of children in the crowd?
How many adults are in the crowd ?
Tell me the number of adults in the crowd?
How many elders are in the crowd ?
Tell me the number of elders in the crowd?
How many males are in the crowd ?
Tell me the number of males in the crowd?
How many females are in the crowd ?
Tell me the number of females in the crowd?
How many men are in the crowd ?
Tell me the number of men in the crowd?
How many women are in the crowd ?
Tell me the number of women in the crowd?
How many boys are in the crowd ?
Tell me the number of boys in the crowd?
How many girls are in the crowd ?
Tell me the number of girls in the crowd?
How many people in the crowd are standing?
How many people in the crowd are sitting?
How many people in the crowd are lying?
Was the standing person children?
Tell me if the standing person was a children?
Was the standing person adults?
Tell me if the standing person was a adults?
Was the standing person elders?
Tell me if the standing person was a elders?
Was the standing person males?
Tell me if the standing person was a males?
Was the standing person females?
Tell me if the standing person was a females?
Was the standing person men?
Tell me if the standing person was a men?
Was the standing person women?
Tell me if the standing person was a women?
Was the standing person boys?
Tell me if the standing person was a boys?
Was the standing person girls?
Tell me if the standing person was a girls?
Was the sitting person children?
Tell me if the sitting person was a children?
Was the sitting person adults?
Tell me if the sitting person was a adults?
Was the sitting person elders?
Tell me if the sitting person was a elders?
Was the sitting person males?
Tell me if the sitting person was a males?
Was the sitting person females?
Tell me if the sitting person was a females?
Was the sitting person men?
Tell me if the sitting person was a men?
Was the sitting person women?
Tell me if the sitting person was a women?
Was the sitting person boys?
Tell me if the sitting person was a boys?
Was the sitting person girls?
Tell me if the sitting person was a girls?
Was the lying person children?
Tell me if the lying person was a children?
Was the lying person adults?
Tell me if the lying person was a adults?
Was the lying person elders?
Tell me if the lying person was a elders?
Was the lying person males?
Tell me if the lying person was a males?
Was the lying person females?
Tell me if the lying person was a females?
Was the lying person men?
Tell me if the lying person was a men?
Was the lying person women?
Tell me if the lying person was a women?
Was the lying person boys?
Tell me if the lying person was a boys?
Was the lying person girls?
Tell me if the lying person was a girls?
Tell me how many people were wearing red?
Tell me how many people were wearing blue?
Tell me how many people were wearing white?
Tell me how many people were wearing black?
Tell me how many people were wearing green?
Tell me how many people were wearing yellow?
Tell me how many people were wearing brown?
Tell me how many people were wearing pink?
Tell me how many people were wearing opaque?
